then bildad the shuhite answered how
long can you put an end to words gain
understanding and afterward we will
speak why are we counted as beasts and
regarded as stupid in your sight you who
tear yourself an anger shall the earth
before se caen for you or shall the rock
be removed from its place the light of
the wicked indeed goes out and the flame
of his fire does not shine the light is
dark in his tent and his lamp beside him
is put out the steps of his strengths
are shortened and his own counsel casts
him down for he is cast into a net by
his own feet and he walks into a snare
then it takes him by the heel and a
snare lays hold of him a noose is hidden
for him on the ground and a trap for him
in the road terrors frighten him on
every side and drive him to his feet his
strength is starved and destruction is
ready at his side it devours patches of
his skin the firstborn of death devours
his limbs he is uprooted from the
shelter of his tent and they parade him
before the king of terrors they dwell in
his tent who are none of his brimstone
is scattered on his dwelling his roots
are dried out below in his branch
withers above the memory of him perishes
from the earth and he has no name among
the renowned he is driven from light
into darkness and chased out of the
world he has neither Sun nor posterity
among his people nor any remaining in
his dwellings those in the West are
astonished at his day and those in the
East are frightened
surely such are the dwellings of the
wicked and this is the place of him who
does not know God
[Music]